Unit 1 social media & friendship

-> Amid these trend = among these trend
-> Phone = digital devices = electronic stimuli (lai)
-> While social networking sites and the like have grown exponentially, the elements that is crucial, and harder to investigate, is the quality of the connections they nurture.
-> A society that thwarts opportunities for deeper sociality, therefore, stymies well-being.
-> Face a prevailing drift away from their friends
-> Fundamentally lacking
-> Fallow time = leisure time
-> Formative years — an average day is parceled up for students
-> Engage the person
-> Human contact

	We have plenty of acquaintances, though perhaps few individuals we can turn to and share our deep intimacies.

	Aristotle's perspective on the importance of friendship resonates with many people. While career, family, and money can certainly contribute to a fulfilling life, the presence of genuine and supportive friendships adds a unique dimension of satisfaction and contentment.
As what I’ve been through, family cannot always be there with me, in which circumstances they could not provide instant help and response. But a good friend  can offer you an intimate connection even it’s late. Once I faced with  anxiety during the epidemic at school were out of  my parents’ range. Luckily I had a bunch of friends who would listen to me with full ears and gave me a lot support, psychological and physical. They called me out playing football with them to alleviate my pressure. I still remembered we were sneaking class under our teacher’s eye on some mild sunny afternoon, bathing the warmth of the sunlight and the scent of fresh mud and grass. They offered me a lot spiritual support. And even now, we are still in contact, sharing our trivial matters. 

Friendships provide emotional support, companionship, and a sense of belonging. They offer individuals the opportunity to share experiences, joys, and challenges, fostering personal growth and resilience. Friends can offer different perspectives, challenge our thinking, and help us navigate through difficult times. They can also celebrate our successes and share in our happiness.

From what I understand from human experiences, having a good friend or a close circle of friends often brings a deep sense of fulfillment and well-being. It can be comforting to have someone to confide in, rely on, and share life's ups and downs. These relationships can enhance our overall quality of life and contribute significantly to our mental and emotional well-being.

Ultimately, the significance of friendship may vary from person to person.

Concerted effort = joint effort




Science
	Objective = unsentimental = unemotional
	Unquestionably
	The external world is a rather hazy notion, but the idea it is not hazy at all.
	In the hope of = expecting = 
	Without any extraneous information
	The old idea of the earliest Greek scientists – that the world is essentially intelligible because it is somehow conformed to human mind.
	Conform to  / cohere with / coordinate with
	 strike a chord with / resonate with




China and the world
	Move From periphery to the center of the international system.
	Gobbling up resources, soaking up investment , expanding its overseas footprint, asserting itself in the Asian neighborhood, being the sought-after suitor in global governance diplomacy.
	A new job is another manifestation of his dedication to to his community 
	Multidimensional strength 
	Power is comprehensive and integrative, not atomistic
	I had a lot of self-doubt, and it manifested itself in the form of unchecked rage and aggression.
	a triumphant smile indicates a night-long celebration
	GDP:gross domestic product
	Shaping the desire outcome of a situation is the essence of influence and exercise of power.
	Military power only serves as a deterrence, but could not strike a chord with other nations.
	It is a blessing in disguise



Unit7
	I accept your premise. I reject your conclusion.
	Wreak havoc on
